# hotel_management_system_php
This hotel management system is developed for hotels those are using a manual system to handle hotel processes. There are three main users in hotel management system, administrator, Manager and Receptionist. Administrator can maintain daily updates in the hotel records. This system will automate the major operations of the hotel. Administrator can access to all system functionalities without any restrictions. Administrator is must be an authorized user. He can further change the password. There is the facility for password recovery, logout etc. Manager can access to all system functionalities with limited restrictions. Receptionist can only access to the Reservation Management section. The main aim of the entire activity is to automate the process of day to day activities of Hotel.
The Reservation System is to keep track in room and hall reservation and check availability. Using this system user can check which room is reserved and which room is available. He can reserve room from reservation module. The Room Management System is for manage all room types room services. Room management module help user to keep track of all information of hotel room. He can check room laundry service, food service and sweeping service from this module. The Inventory Control System will keep track in all inventories of the hotel and guest details will handled by guest management. Administration department will monitor the all. the main of developing this system is to computerize all the activity of the hotel like Admission of a New Customer, Assign a room according to customer’s demand, checkout of a customer and releasing the room and finally compute the bill etc. Using this system you can manage check in and check out process easily. At check in, you can easily check the availability of rooms in the hotel. And at check out you can easily generate the total bill.


link of front page only : https://deepakkr028.github.io/hotel_management_system_php/ 
